# SpringBoot_Application
Developed as a learning practice tool for spring boot. 
Application has features for navigating the various pages with the use of a navigation bar. This nav bar was inserted to the relating pages with the use of tymeleaf fragments. The other functions are all related. The first function being a addcontact this fucntion adds a singular contact to an H2 database. This data can be retreaved with the use of a search fucntion or from another section of the application; where the contacts are listed fucntion name "lsitcontacts". This page shows all contacts, each contact has an edit and remove button on the right side of the table. The user from this point is now able to edit the contact information or remove the contact entirely. The next feature on the list is a addfile feature, this feature adds a csv file that contains the contact information of each customer. (the file has to be in the same input formagt as the addcontact form in order for the information to be read and added to the database. After the user uploads the csv file the information is then added to the database. if the user has a file that hasnt had its information uplaoded or a mistake was made where the user removed the wrong contact the user can list the files that are uplaoded and select addcontacts to populate the database with the missing contacts (no duplicates will be added, only customers with unique email addresses.). The final fucntion is the remove file fuction, this fucntion allows you to remove a specific uploaded file from the directory. 
